                    FRN2000 & VintageOS v5D8BBEDD
                   all rights reserved,  1997-2020
              frn2000.com · vintageos.org · vintageos.org

In the simplest definition, an operating system (OS) is a set of
instructions (software) that controls some hardware.  These instructions
are layered over the kernel accessing the hardware directly and the
command line interface (CLI) or graphical user interface (GUI) for the
user (normally a human being) to interact with it.  These instructions
are written (coded) using in different languages from low-level
languages (like machine language and assembler) to high-level languages
(like C++).

Operating systems have evolved from their early days and surprisingly
most modern operating systems were made a good time ago like MVS in
1964, Unix in 1969, BSD in 1977, DOS in 1980, Macintosh (or macOS) in
1984, Microsoft Windows in 1985 and GNU Linux in 1991.

In the past couple of years, a different approach to operating systems
and management of resources uses thin-clients (practically dumb
terminals) accessing all shared resources from a server through a web
browser — referred to cloud computing.

At the same time, computers (microcomputers) have shrunk from huge
machines that would fit in a loft (like an IBM System/360 mainframe
computers) to machines that fit in your pocket like any of today's
mobile phones.  Computers are used worldwide for various purposes from
web browsing to going to outer space (NASA).

This site takes a high level look at various operating systems used
worldwide.  It is merely my opinion, the result of my curiosity of
computer systems and programming.  As such, the sole purpose of
[VintageOS](https://vintageos.org/) is to document my experiences of
rebuilding old computer systems and their operating systems and to have
fun while doing the latter.

If you are interested in experimenting with any of the operating systems
covered in [VintageOS](https://vintageos.org/), you can create a VDI
with VirtualBox (free) or similar application.

[« « «  Go back to the prior page.](README.md)

        frn2000.com · vintageos.org · vintageos.org · 1997-2020