                    FRN2000 & VintageOS v5D5B3801
                    all rights reserved, 1997-2019
             http://vintageos.org/ · http://vintageos.org/

[VintageOS](https://vintageos.org/) is the source for information on
different operating systems and also offers computer consulting
services.  This website is completely coded by hand (no WYSIWYG) using
[Gedit](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Gedit) on
[Linux](https://kernel.org/), [Caret](https://thomaswilburn.net/caret/)
on [Chrome OS](https://google.com/chromebook/)
[Notepad++](http://notepad-plus-plus.org/) on
[Windows](https://microsoft.com/en-us/windows/)
[Nano](https://nano-editor.org/) on [Linux](https://kernel.org/) and
[Cygwin](https://cygwin.com/), [Tidy](http://html-tidy.org/) on both
[Linux](https://kernel.org/) and [Cygwin](https://cygwin.com/).

[VintageOS](https://vintageos.org/) covers close to three (3) decades
messing around with technology, crashing and hacking every operating
system that I have gotten my wicked hands on from C64 and TRS-80
([1984](http://vintageos.org/basic.html)) to
[Linux](http://vintageos.org/linux.html) as well as messing with,
teaching and advocating for open source.

Refer to the disclaimer and terms of use for this site and/or related
domains found and explained in the
[`disclaimer.html`](http://vintageos.org/disclaimer.html) file.

        Reference

* The `README.md` and [`README2.md`](README2.md) files are written using
the [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) as
specified by
[GitHub](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).
* The `robots.txt` file blocks certain robots/spiders from accessing
files and sub-directories;  instructions and information on how to code
this file found in the
[`robotstxt.html`](http://robotstxt.org/robotstxt.html) file.

[Read more about VintageOS.  » » »](README2.md)